
TITLE: Hurricane Data

BACKGROUND:

The American National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) measures the intensity 
of a hurricane season with the accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) index. The ACE for a season is the sum 
of the ACE for each tropical storm with winds exceeding 35 knots (65 km/h). The maximum sustained winds 
(measured in knots) in the storm are measured or approximated every six hour. The values are squared and 
summed over the duration of the storm. The total is divided by 10,000, to make the parameter easier to use.

This parameter is related to the energy of the storm, since kinetic energy is proportional to velocity 
squared. However, it does not take into account the size of the storm, which would be necessary for a 
true total energy estimate. Reliable storm data have been collected in the Atlantic Ocean since 1959 and 
are shown in table P.4.5. These data are available to you as an EXCEL worksheet, ace.csv, and was extracted 
from the *Accumulated Cyclone Energy article in 
Wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accumulated_cyclone_energy). It was collected by the National Oceanic 
and Atmospheric Administration (http://www.aoml.noaa.gov/hrd/hrd/tcfaq/E11.html).

You can open the ace.csv file in Excel, OpenOffice, or Google Docs.


INSTRUCTIONS:

Your task is to create at least two classes (I recommend naming them Main.java and HurricaneRowData.java). 
Main must read in the data from the file and save each row of data into a new HurricaneRowData object, 
which are further organized into an ArrayList.

HurricaneRowData must have 5 private instance variables (one for each of the columns of data in ace.csv). 
The class must also have a constructor and a toString method. You should add any getter or setter methods 
that you need.

Furthermore, in Main you must write a private static method that takes the ArrayList of data as input and 
returns the year in which the ACE index (second column) was maximal. In other words, find the row containing 
the maximum ACE value and return the corresponding year. 
(Hint: the year is 2005, but you need to write code to solve this.)

Display out the year and maximum ACE value BOTH on the command prompt and also output the information to 
a text file.

You may optionally create a class to store the ArrayList of HurricaneRowData objects and manage its access.